Remove Slack integration (#2700)
gitpod-io/website: docs/adr/0002-remove-slack-integration.md

# 2. remove slack integration

Date: 2022-09-08

## Status

2022-09-08 accepted

## Context

> Shutting down the Slack Integration in favor of a zap caused the feeback form to return `404` responses (as the webhook didn't exist anymore).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [Internal Discussion](https://gitpod.slack.com/archives/C01KGM9ETU6/p1662639377730739)

Shutting down the Slack Integration in favor of a zap caused the feedback form to return `404` responses (as the webhook didn't exist anymore).
```

Author: I'm not sure yet, if I'd add an internal discussion to an adr, but in case we don't like it, we can remove it again in the future 🤔

## Decision

Remove the Slack Integration from the Feedback Endpoint

## Consequences

> 1. We can get rid of the dependency `@slack/webhook`
> 1. The Feedback get send to Slack as a zap, that gets triggered by the Google Spreadsheet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- We can get rid of the dependency `@slack/webhook`
- The Feedback gets sent to Slack as a zap, that gets triggered by the Google Spreadsheet
```
